---
title: Iteration & Gut Feeling
date: 2024-12-18
draft: false
tags:
  - general
  - thought
---


I have been trying to learn a lot of things at once. Be it learning a new language, a musical instrument or a music production and its theory and a lot more things. A lot of times I feel like I am not making any progress in any of the discipline I am interested in, due to a lot of iterations that I make in order to follow the best path possible. I get a feeling that a lot of people see me as either in possession of higher intelligence, directionless or sometimes a liar. Public can't comprehend that someone can have this many interests let alone able to manage it. Even though from inside I feel like making no progress. When seen from an outsiders' perspective I have progressed a lot. Still unemployed and not generating any money but still people around me have high hopes for me. But i don't want to do it. I don't want to go out in this world and participate and I know that you might have the same feeling as I do. I think this whole generation feels the same. These last 2 years have been really exhausting but I feel like I learned a lot in these years. I had to daily commute for 6 hours. Changing metro lines and then picking up the Haryana roadways. Feels like I am sheep in the herd (or whatever the quote is). Yep, the sheep is what I am and definitely not the wolf. Definitely not. Sometimes I find myself imitating the person sitting next to me. Oh! he got the same game that I got in my smartphone, lets play it. And I start playing it with no intention of interacting with the individual sitting next to me. You know they say life moves fast so take a moment to look around. I feel like I have been looking around too much. I get demotivated after thinking that I have lost all the attention and drive that I used have for making it big in this world. Now I feel really safe and sound in eating just chapati and rice made at home. I feel like I have eaten it all. I have been consuming too much for a while. And my soul has become bloated. Now, I tell people who I think are good people in general or those who think about my wellbeing, they always give me some sort of advice which generally feels better. It gives me more mental clarity. I think you should do it too. Maybe that's why I am writing this blog to excrete shit from my bloated mind. 